Prep v1.50.0 release (#403)
digitalocean/godo: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## [v1.50.0] - 2020-10-26

> - #403 - @andrewlouis93 - vpc: add option to update a VPC to the regional default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #400 - @waynr - registry: add garbage collection support
- #402 - @snormore - apps: add catchall_document static site spec field and failed-deploy job type
- #401 - @andrewlouis93 - VPC: adds option to set a VPC as the regional default
```
